some 33
some 33 rejoice in the Lord
rejoice in the Lord
rejoice in the Lord oh you righteous her praise from the
oh you righteous her praise from the
oh you righteous her praise from the upright is beautiful praise the Lord
upright is beautiful praise the Lord
upright is beautiful praise the Lord with the harp make melody to him with an
with the harp make melody to him with an
with the harp make melody to him with an instrument of 10 strings sing to him a
instrument of 10 strings sing to him a
instrument of 10 strings sing to him a new song play skillfully with a shout of
new song play skillfully with a shout of
new song play skillfully with a shout of joy for the word of the Lord is right
joy for the word of the Lord is right
joy for the word of the Lord is right and all his work is done in truth he
and all his work is done in truth he
and all his work is done in truth he loves righteousness and justice the
loves righteousness and justice the
loves righteousness and justice the earth is full of the goodness of the
earth is full of the goodness of the
earth is full of the goodness of the Lord by the word of the Lord the heavens
Lord by the word of the Lord the heavens
Lord by the word of the Lord the heavens were made and all the host of them by
were made and all the host of them by
were made and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth he gathers the
the breath of his mouth he gathers the
the breath of his mouth he gathers the waters of the sea together as a heat
waters of the sea together as a heat
waters of the sea together as a heat he lays up the deep in storehouses let
he lays up the deep in storehouses let
he lays up the deep in storehouses let all the earth fear the Lord let all the
all the earth fear the Lord let all the
all the earth fear the Lord let all the inhabitants of the world stand in awe of
inhabitants of the world stand in awe of
inhabitants of the world stand in awe of him for he spoke and it was done he
him for he spoke and it was done he
him for he spoke and it was done he commanded and it stood fast the Lord
commanded and it stood fast the Lord
commanded and it stood fast the Lord brings the counsel of the nations to
brings the counsel of the nations to
brings the counsel of the nations to nothing he makes the plans of the
nothing he makes the plans of the
nothing he makes the plans of the peoples of no effect the counsel of the
peoples of no effect the counsel of the
peoples of no effect the counsel of the Lord stands forever the plans of his
Lord stands forever the plans of his
Lord stands forever the plans of his heart to all generations blessed is the
heart to all generations blessed is the
heart to all generations blessed is the nation whose God is the Lord the people
nation whose God is the Lord the people
nation whose God is the Lord the people he has chosen as his own inheritance the
he has chosen as his own inheritance the
he has chosen as his own inheritance the Lord looks from heaven he sees all the
Lord looks from heaven he sees all the
Lord looks from heaven he sees all the sons of men from the place of his
sons of men from the place of his
sons of men from the place of his dwelling he looks on all the inhabitants
dwelling he looks on all the inhabitants
dwelling he looks on all the inhabitants of the earth he fashions their hearts
of the earth he fashions their hearts
of the earth he fashions their hearts individually he considers all their
individually he considers all their
individually he considers all their works no King is saved by the multitude
works no King is saved by the multitude
works no King is saved by the multitude of an army a mighty man is not delivered
of an army a mighty man is not delivered
of an army a mighty man is not delivered by great strength a horse is a vain hope
by great strength a horse is a vain hope
by great strength a horse is a vain hope for safety neither shall it deliver any
for safety neither shall it deliver any
for safety neither shall it deliver any by its great strength
by its great strength
by its great strength behold the eye of the Lord is on those
behold the eye of the Lord is on those
behold the eye of the Lord is on those who fear Him
who fear Him
who fear Him and those who hope in his mercy to
and those who hope in his mercy to
and those who hope in his mercy to deliver their soul from death and to
deliver their soul from death and to
deliver their soul from death and to keep them alive in famine our soul waits
keep them alive in famine our soul waits
keep them alive in famine our soul waits for the Lord he is our help and our
for the Lord he is our help and our
for the Lord he is our help and our shield for our heart shall rejoice in
shield for our heart shall rejoice in
shield for our heart shall rejoice in him because we have trusted in his holy
him because we have trusted in his holy
him because we have trusted in his holy name let your mercy O Lord be upon us
name let your mercy O Lord be upon us
name let your mercy O Lord be upon us just as we hope in you
just as we hope in you
just as we hope in you [Music]